Update documentation (debugging and cubes) (#395)
polycube-network/polycube: Documentation/developers/debugging.rst

3. At this point there are two equivalent ways to debug Polycube with CLion:

   a. Use the CLion debugger: at the top right select Debug 'polycube';
   b. (or) Run Polycube in a terminal with enabled debug logs (e.g., ``sudo polycubed --loglevel = DEBUG``); then, from CLion, go to Run->Attach to Process.. and search for "polycubed"

4. At this point, from another terminal, just use ``polycubectl`` to interact with Polycube.

Debugging network traffic using tcpdump/Wireshark
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Debugging (i.e., sniffing) network traffic frlowing *between* two Polycube services (e.g., on the link that connects a Polycube router to a Polycube bridge) can be achieved with the :ref:`span mode <span-mode>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Debugging (i.e., sniffing) network traffic flowing *between* two Polycube services (e.g., on the link that connects a Polycube router to a Polycube bridge) can be achieved with the :ref:`span mode <span-mode>`.
```

3. At this point there are two equivalent ways to debug Polycube with CLion:

   a. Use the CLion debugger: at the top right select Debug 'polycube';
   b. (or) Run Polycube in a terminal with enabled debug logs (e.g., ``sudo polycubed --loglevel = DEBUG``); then, from CLion, go to Run->Attach to Process.. and search for "polycubed"

4. At this point, from another terminal, just use ``polycubectl`` to interact with Polycube.

Debugging network traffic using tcpdump/Wireshark
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Debugging (i.e., sniffing) network traffic frlowing *between* two Polycube services (e.g., on the link that connects a Polycube router to a Polycube bridge) can be achieved with the :ref:`span mode <span-mode>`.
Please refer to that section for more details and for some working examples.

> Let's see how to capture packets using the concepts of shadow port and :ref:`span mode <span-mode>` to see what happens. 

Reviewer 2: @pinoOgni 
1) The real value of a span port is when you have to intercept the traffic from a Polycube service to another.
I kindly ask you to update the example using such a model, e.g., by connecting two simplebridges and showing how to capture the traffic in between.
2) After looking at the documentation, I feel this text should be moved to the other file where we present the "span" mode. I leave you to make this change.
Thanks!

Author: 1. Perfect, I will update it in the next few days
2. So I move everything I wrote here in the `debugging` file, in the new section "Traffic debugging with Span Mode" in the `cubes` file, correct?

The topology used is a simpler version of the shadow type test3 of the router service, in order to understand well the various components, how to use tcpdump/Wireshark and understand what happens.

::             	

			pcn-r1 (network namespace)
		      +-----------------------------+
   +-----------+      |          +------+           |	   +-----------+
   |  [veth1]  | ------ to_veth1-|  r1  |-to_veth2  ------ |  [veth2]  | 
   +-----------+      |	         +------+           |	   +-----------+
       ns1 	      +-----------------------------+		ns2
  

Topology construction
**********************

> First we create the namespaces, we add the veths that are connected in an appropriate way and on each of them a network is configured and finally the default gateway is also added.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
First we create the namespaces, we add the services and virtual ethernets in the proper way such as in the picture below:
```

::

  for i in `seq 1 2`;
	do
		sudo ip netns add ns${i}
		sudo ip link add veth${i}_ type veth peer name veth${i}
		sudo ip link set veth${i}_ netns ns${i}
		sudo ip netns exec ns${i} ip link set dev veth${i}_ up
		sudo ip link set dev veth${i} up
		sudo ip netns exec ns${i} ifconfig veth${i}_ 10.0.${i}.1/24
		sudo ip netns exec ns${i} route add default gw 10.0.${i}.254 veth${i}_
	done

In another terminal just run polycube using ``sudo polycubed``.

> Regarding the concept of shadow: a shadow cube (only a standard cube can be shadow) is associated with a Linux network namespace. 

Reviewer 2: I would reduce this text and make a reference to the concept of the shadow cube.

Author: Done!

::

	loglevel  name  service-name  shadow  span  type    name (ports)      peer (ports)
	INFO      r1    router        true    true  TC      ns_port_to_veth1  r1-to_veth1
                                                     	    ns_port_to_veth2  r1-to_veth2
                                                      	    to_veth1          veth1
                                                      	    to_veth2          veth2

Or, if you want to see information about r1 ports, just use ``polycubectl r1 ports show`` and it should show something like this:

::

  ip             mac                name      peer   status  uuid
  10.0.1.254/24  ba:e7:da:ec:49:17  to_veth1  veth1  UP      3e92bd2f-567d-4adc-b7c1-820eb9cca9a7
  10.0.2.254/24  46:f3:b4:48:2e:7f  to_veth2  veth2  UP      b51d21f3-366a-4f39-b3af-58e07cf62c44

tcpdump/Wireshark
*****************

Now, let's use Wireshark/tcpdump on the interface we want.

For tcpdump we only need to do ``tcpdump -ni <interface-name>``. For example, if we want to see the traffic passing through router r1's ``to_veth1`` and we only want ICMP traffic, we need to give this command:

::

> 	sudo tcpdump icmp -ni r1-to_veth1

Reviewer 2: I believe in the new example we should use "ip netns exec...." in order to start tcpdump in the proper (shadow) namespace.
